= precssious

This is just a hack to allow me to write nested CSS. I had trouble finding 
a CSS preprocessor that actually allowed nested styles without breaking my 
stylesheets.

Although I am under no illusions of the general applicability of this code
(the current implementation is very naïve), it appears to do OK with how I 
write CSS.

See spec/snippets.rb for a quick list of the features it supports.


== On performance / configuration

It's probably not a good idea to serve stylesheets using precssious under
normal conditions. However, caching them in development can be a real drag.
I've used the following approach.

(1) I add a precssious dependency, and make sure it isn't loaded by default.

/config/environment.rb

  config.gem 'precssious', :lib => false

(2) I add an initializer with the following code, to load precssious in 
development:

/config/initializers/precssious.rb

  if RAILS_ENV == 'development'
    require 'precssious'
    Precssious.start_rails_controller
  end

This catches requests to "/stylesheets/xxx/xxx.css", and serves the content 
of all stylesheets in that directory, merged into a single file. The web path 
("stylesheets") and the source directory ("public/stylesheets") can both be 
configured.

(3) For production, I don't want Precssious loaded at all -- instead, I
generate the stylesheets on deploy:

/lib/tasks/precssious.rake

  desc 'Generates the stylesheets as static resources'
  task :precssious do
    require 'precssious'
    Precssious.perform_preprocessing
  end

/config/deploy.rb

  after "deploy:update_code" do
    run "cd #{current_path} && rake precssious"
  end

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but
   bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2009 Erik Hansson. See LICENSE for details.
